
Simeon:
Simeon is a boy from Mountain Top who works on a snow throp family farm. He is not afraid of anything, and loves to read the history of the great battles of Eyuda. He craves adventure, but also respects the important rule his family plays in the structure of the cemork kingdom. 

- ice colossus attacks
- Family killed
- Dad fights him 
- overhears kings order to send for help and whisper in Broldun ear
- he sneaks into brolduns cart 
- road to widgehelf
- widgehelf ()
- Learns that war is upon the kingdoms
- Road to palika
- Palika (kills the Balmun, feels sorry for it as it dies, hears the same noise as the ice colossus)
- Ship to Danport (the rocks)
- Road to [[The Hover]]
- The Hover (asks king to send help, king is noble isolationist. He says his astrist informed him of a potential threat from dormiaan that is driving people mad. He would not risk his army and will stay in the rocks)
- the King’s [[Astrist]] Aurora takes interest in Simeon, as she believes he is destined to be the beast master, the fabled “man who will tame the Balmun.” (It is later found out that Aurora is a [[Aliyata]] of Cret)
- Trains to be the beast master through Trials… communicates with animals, trains animals, fails at a big task(starts a stampede that kills people), ends up training a big animal (not balmun) and completes his training. Lots of Eternals lore packed into this part of his journey 
- Somehow ends up going back to Mountain Top and the Ice colossus appears, and he is able to defeat it. Instead of killing it, he uses his powers to equalize its spirits and tame it. It goes back into the peaks. 


Tazmurl: 

Tazmurl is a free Krilstuthian who is heir to throne of Tractzilia, but has been in hiding since he was a child, after the Tractzilian Kingdom was overthrown and turned into the [[The Tractzilian Technocracy]]. He lives as a wise older man in a small village in [[The Dirt]], under [[The Democratic Communes of Heighblin]]’s jurisdiction. He sees the way slaves are treated by the Tractzilian Krils, often sent to the Sunder where they will die mining ores. (The Tractzilian Krils were “gifted” control of the Grand Road which connect the Sunder to Heighblin and Tractzilia). One day Tractzilian riders enslave some of the people in his village and kill a villager. Tazmurl decides he had had enough, and kills the guards. He stands to fight for his commune with a group of townsfolk, but then a group of Tractzilian come and kill all the women and children and send the men still alive to work as slaves in [[The Sunder]] as punishment to live with the crimes and the death of their children/wives. There he meets Jessandra and she decides to free him if he will help her uncover the truth about the [[Zang-Slo]] and [[The Drenoculan Order]]. After they find the truth and put an end to the usurpers, Tazmurl is thanked by the King and offer a promotion to a knight, but instead he reveals who he is to the King and the rest of the Sunder. He vows to unite the Tractzilian Kingdoms and the Sunder as they once were under King Raul, ensuring freedom for the Drenoculans and all who live in the Sunder. He reveals the mission to unite the communes of Heighblin to stand up and retake the Grand Road.
- Tazmurl’s character arc is to become the King of Traczillia, and abolish the technocracy and classism within the faction. With Jessandra’s help he establishes a representative republic, including the Commune of Heighblin, with term limits for King and representatives of each principality within the kingdom. He successfully unites Heighblin, right before the POOC take over. 

Jessandra:
Raised in the Sunder, Jessandra dreams of seeing a sunrise. She is a young beautiful Drenoculan, who is high born. Her father Marston is a noble, a good friend of the King's, and the Housing Coordinator of the Sunder. She is set to marry the kings son, but he’s a bit of a pussy, and she would rather not be a part of it. She enjoys being more of a commoner and craves adventure. When she stumbles upon something she wasn’t supposed to see (Kravis, the Noble Mage giving a secret letter to someone of the Drenoculan order) she investigates further, getting herself into trouble. She has a theory and heard rumors that the there is a secret society amongst the Sunderlings that seek to overthrow the Drenoculan Order, allowing the Zang-Slo to return. Their motive? Gold and revenge against the king for his weak stance against the Tractzilian Krils who demand more and more ores each year, leaving the Sunderlings weak. Jessandra knows the Zang-Slo are evil and seeks to put a stop to this by uncovering their plans. Sadly, she gets halted time after time when she can provide no proof of any wrongdoings and no one believes her. She confronts the king, her father and Kravis about Kravis's betrayal, but no one is convinced since she has no proof. Kravis plays off the letter as a routine order. She believes all hope is lost. The day before she gets married, she hears about a recent slave arrival who lead a rebellion against the Tractzilian Krils. She believes Tazmurl can help her uncover the secrets of the Drenoculan Order and help put an end to the treasonous secret society. They uncover treasonous documents within a meeting room of this secret society, deep in [[The Simmering Floor]], in an 'abandoned' water factory that only four others would have a key to... among them Jessandra's father Marston. They investigate the three others to no avail, and Jessandra begins to believe her dad is behind it. When she is about to accuse him of this, he mentions he lost his keys and believes he may have allowed Kravis, who is his father's friend, to borrow them a while ago. It then dawns on Jessandra that it was the original suspect Kravis organizing the meetings! They finally take all they have to the King and immediately Kravis pulls a knife on the King and two of the King's Guards kill the others and join Kravis. Tazmurl and Marston fight and kill the kings Guards, and chase after the King. Kravis ends up almost sacrificing him down [[The Burner]]. Jessandra ends up shooting an arrow into Kravis’ head and saving the King. 
- Jessandra’s character arc is to become the Warrior Queen of the Sunder and lead the reunion of the kingdoms of Eyuda under a non-agression and free trade pact. She will be the political voice of reason and peace within Eyuda, and rule with wisdom and strength, gaining the support of armies due to her grace, intelligence, and smart problem solving. 


Midas Scray (dad) (abusive, but gets taken by Sludge)
Gillian Scray (mom) (a great mom, sacrifices herself to save child)
Jeremy Scray (triplet, 19) (leader, goes to fight with army, ends up defecting due to cruel treatment of Krils)
Curtis Scray (triplet, 19) (follower, the little guy of the triplets, finds out about sludge and tries to get family out)
Tremelo Scray (triplet, 19) (the only girl, brave, ends up falling in love with Simeon)
Gaston Scray (middle, 16) (a dick, ends up being bad)
Dingle Scray (youngest, 8) (gets killed by Gaston after Gaston gets taken by Sludge)

Jeremy Scray
Jermey is the eldest son of Midas Scray and Gillian Scray. He is a natural born leader, and serves as a guard for the [[Dimonaé Kingdom]]. When the king declares war on the Krilstuthians, loyalty compels Jeremy to fight for his king even though Tremelo says she thinks it’s an unjust war. Jeremy goes off the fight, and on the road he sees women get raped, townsfolk of the other kingdoms hate them, and Krils get brutally tortured and killed just for being Krils. After destroying and occupying most of The Plains, he defects and makes his way back to his home. On his way, he crosses paths with Broldun at a bar, by overhearing him ask the bartender about the king. Broldun is heading to Dormiaan to talk to the king, as he is lead to believe the King has gone mad. Jeremy explains he can help them get to the king, and will accompany them on their quest to guide them through the capital. When they get there, the king looks normal, but acts very odd. He doesn’t remember much of Broldun or Eyuda’s past, even through they had met. When asked about the war he says he is king and shall do what he pleases, and the Krilstuthian threat is very real. They hold up in an inn for the night, and they notice the inn keeper acting weird as well. Jeremy says the city has changed and the people are weird now. In the middle of the night Broldun wakes them up as he is attacked by the inn keeper with grey matter coming out of his mouth. Broldun slayed the inn keeper but the sludge was still attacking him. He lost his shield and they had to jump from the window of the inn and run out of the city. As they were escaping, all the lights of villigers began to turn on and they watched as the heroes escaped, and some attempted to stop them. They now realize most of the city has fallen to the sludge. Jeremy realizes his family is in danger, and Broldun goes with him to rescue them. When they get back, Jeremy arrives just in time to save Tremelo and Curt from their father and their burning house, killing Midas. Gaston escapes. They head back to Mountain Top to tell the king. 
- Jermey’s character arc is show the reader how cruel the war is and to save his siblings, and to die a valiant death along the way, as well as provide the foundation for Curt and Tremelo to fight onward in his name. 

Curtis Scray
